1.1.0
=====
I broke `.adjudicate`... just not that bad.

Released: 2025/11/17

Contributors to this release:
- Chloe


# Fun commands
- added `.shutdown`, posts a message.

# GM Changes
These most likely won't be relevant to you unless you're a GM/Angel
- Fixed posting the `.scoreboard csv` to the automatic winter scoreboard output thread. This will stop the errors generated by `.adjudicate`

# Developer Changes
These most likely won't be relevant to you unless you're a Developer and/or a Superuser.

## Extension Management Cog
Extension management was moved to its own cog to prevent accidental unloading
- New ExtensionManagement Extension and Cog
- `DiploGM.load_extension()`, `DiploGM.reload_extension()` and `DiploGM.unload_extension()` nolonger prepend `bot.cogs.` to extension names when called. This was causing issues, as the base implementation of `reload_extensions` was calling.
- Added wrapper functions `load_diplogm_extension`, `reload_diplogm_extension` & `unload_diplogm_extension` that preprend the extension directory `bot/cogs/` to extension names passed to them.
- Added logging to `DiploGM.reload_extension()` and `DiploGM.unload_extension()`
- `.extension_reload` doesn't list the extension name twice in error messages
- `DiploGM.unload_diplogm_extension` and `DiploGM.reload_diplogm_extension` don't no longer call `load_extionsion` instead of their correct respective functions.
## Other Changes
- Moved superuser list to `config_defaults.toml` and moved `is_superuser` to `perms.py`
- `ScheduleCog.close()` doesn't generate an error message due to calling `.cancel` on a function which isn't a loop anymore

1.0.0
=====
First versioned release - though there has been many prior releases.

Released: 2025/11/16

Contributors to this release:
- Chloe
- a(dev)ahoughton

# Changelog and repository updates
- Repository moved to https://github.com/Imperial-Diplomacy/DiplomacyGM
- updated README.md with changelog, versioning and release information.
- added `Changelog.md`
- `dev` now acts as a staging branch where PRs should be opened to.


# Hellenic Diplomacy
HellaDip should be fully supported by the bot.
- Support for years before 1 A.D.
- New way of detecting units for Helladip, you now get some fleets.

# GM changes
These most likely won't be relevant to you unless you're a GM/Angel
- `.schedule` will now correctly ping you if an error occurs.

# New Superuser
Golden Kumquat is now a superuser, [per](https://discord.com/channels/1262215477237645314/1262215478072447019/1439753744072970460). Another one to stand up to the tyranny of DiploGM!

# Developer changes
These most likely won't be relevant to you unless you're a Developer and/or a Superuser.

**DEVELOPERS: you will need to create a `config.toml` and put your discord token in it. `.env` has been depreciated.**


## Development Cog
New Cog for developer commands
- `.su_dashboard command` dashboard for the bot - currently only shows loaded extensions and cogs.
- `extension_load`, `extension_unload` & `extension_reload` Can be used to reload extensions and their Cogs.
- `shutdown_the_bot_yes_i_want_to_do_this` command to shutdown the bot.

## Other changes
- Switch to `config.toml` instead of `.env`.
- A lot of hardcoded values have also been moved to `config.toml`.
- Supports logging levels of `CRITICAL` and `INFO` in config.
- Only Extensions in `config.toml` - extensions.load_on_startup are loaded on startup.
- terminology for admin's for the bot have been changed from "bot" to "superuser" to avoid confusion with community admins.
- scheduled commands are saved and deleted from disk instantly.
- commands scheduled in deleted channels are now automatically deleted.
- commands scheduled by users that can't be found are now not run and are deleted.
- scheduled commands now create an artificial Message to invoke a command instead of sending a message to create a new on. This lets superusers schedule superuser commands.
- scheduled commands have better error reporting.
- helladip didn't use the new or old system of unit detection. I didn't want to mess around with the svg so now it checks for what the unit is called in the svg.
- adding logging for SVG -> PNG conversion.
- deleted `_command.py`. Cogs are now stable.

